---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "imagetest Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# imagetest Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Skip all tests
provider "imagetest" {
  test_execution = {
    skip_all = true
  }
}

# Skip all tests that are labeled "flaky"
provider "imagetest" {
  test_execution = {
    exclude_by_label = {
      "flaky" = "true"
    }
  }
}

# Only run K8s tests that are small, while skipping flaky tests
provider "imagetest" {
  test_execution = {
    include_by_label = {
      "type" = "k8s"
      "size" = "small"
    }
    exclude_by_label = {
      "flaky" = "true"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extra_repos` (List of String) An optional list of extra oci registries to wire in auth credentials for.
- `harnesses` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses))
- `repo` (String) The target repository the provider will use for pushing/pulling dynamically built images.
- `sandbox` (Attributes) The optional configuration for all test sandboxes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sandbox))
- `test_execution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--test_execution))

<a id="nestedatt--harnesses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--cluster))
- `docker` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--docker))
- `k3s` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--k3s))

<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.cluster`

Required:

- `kubeconfig` (String) The relative or absolute path on the host to the source directory to mount.


<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--docker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.docker`

Optional:

- `envs` (Map of String) Environment variables to set on the container.
- `host_socket_path` (String) The Docker host socket path.
- `mounts` (Attributes List) The list of mounts to create on the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--docker--mounts))
- `networks` (Attributes Map) A map of existing networks to attach the container to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--docker--networks))
- `registries` (Attributes Map) A map of registries containing configuration for optional auth, tls, and mirror configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--docker--registries))

<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--docker--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.docker.mounts`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The absolute path on the container to mount the source directory to.
- `source` (String) The relative or absolute path on the host to the source directory to mount.


<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--docker--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.docker.networks`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the existing network to attach the container to.


<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--docker--registries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.docker.registries`

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--docker--registries--auth))

<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--docker--registries--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.docker.registries.auth`

Optional:

- `auth` (String)
- `password` (String, Sensitive)
- `username` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--k3s"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.k3s`

Optional:

- `networks` (Attributes Map) A map of existing networks to attach the harness containers to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--networks))
- `registries` (Attributes Map) A map of registries containing configuration for optional auth, tls, and mirror configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries))

<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.k3s.networks`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the existing network to attach the harness containers to.


<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.k3s.registries`

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries--auth))
- `mirror` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries--mirror))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.k3s.registries.auth`

Optional:

- `auth` (String)
- `password` (String, Sensitive)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries--mirror"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.k3s.registries.mirror`

Optional:

- `endpoints` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--harnesses--k3s--registries--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `harnesses.k3s.registries.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String)
- `cert_file` (String)
- `key_file` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--sandbox"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sandbox`

Optional:

- `extra_keyrings` (List of String) A list of additional keyrings to use for the sandbox.
- `extra_packages` (List of String) A list of additional packages to use for the sandbox.
- `extra_repos` (List of String) A list of additional repositories to use for the sandbox.


<a id="nestedatt--test_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `test_execution`

Optional:

- `exclude_by_label` (Map of String) Skip features with matching label values. If `include_by_label` is present, the set of included tests are evaluated for skipping.
- `include_by_label` (Map of String) Run features with matching label values. Any tests which do not contain all of the provided labels will be skipped.
- `skip_all_tests` (Boolean) Skips all features and harnesses. All tests can also be skipped by setting the environment variable `IMAGETEST_SKIP_ALL` to `true`.
- `skip_teardown` (Boolean) Skips the teardown of test harnesses to allow debugging test failures. Harness teardown can also be skipped by setting the environment variable `IMAGETEST_SKIP_TEARDOWN` to `true`
