---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "imagetest_test_docker_run Resource - terraform-provider-imagetest"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TestDockerRun resource, used to evaluate the steps of a given test
---

# imagetest_test_docker_run (Resource)

TestDockerRun resource, used to evaluate the steps of a given test



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) The full image reference to use for the container.
- `name` (String) The name of the feature

### Optional

- `cmd` (List of String) The command or set of commands that should be run at this step
- `description` (String) A descriptor of the feature
- `entrypoint` (List of String) The command or set of commands that should be run at this step
- `labels` (Map of String) A set of labels used to optionally filter execution of the feature
- `mounts` (Attributes List) The list of mounts to create on the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mounts))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `user` (String) The user to run the command as.

### Read-Only

- `cid` (String) The ID of the container that was created.
- `result` (String) The result of the command. This is always either PASS or FAIL.
- `skipped` (String) A computed value that indicates whether or not the feature was skipped. If the test is skipped, this field is populated wth the reason.

<a id="nestedatt--mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mounts`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The absolute path on the container to mount the source directory.
- `source` (String) The relative or absolute path on the host to the source directory to mount.

Optional:

- `read_only` (Boolean) Whether the mount should be read only.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
